# My neighbor had the coolest name I’ve ever heard. Then he died.
Hello my friends, I’m not really sure how to get started. But I had something exceptionally bizarre happen to me. I’ve told a few people in my life, and usually the response I get is something along the lines of “that’s pretty friggin weird” or “oh, uh okay.” Anyway I’m not really sure what to do with this experience. You see movies or read stories and expect a pay off or crescendo or something of that nature whenever something big happens, but real life has a way of not caring for your resolution. Anyway, I apologize for rambling and I will just get started. 

My story begins when I was 19 years old. Just a kid really, doing dumb shit that kids do. I had this neighbor, Mr. Onyxdragons. He had a really cool name, I remember thinking it was the coolest name I’d ever heard. Unfortunately Mr. Onyxdragons was just a regular old man. He didn’t do anything out of the ordinary, didn’t look or act strange, he didn’t seem to be hiding any secrets. No matter how much I wanted him to contain some mystery.

So when he passed away it was just as uninteresting as he was. It was sad, and unfortunate. He had gone to the hospital and had pneumonia and simply died. I learned about it from my dad who knew him a bit better than I did. No cool death or anything else that I am shallow enough to imagine. I remember feeling like an asshole when I caught myself thinking “imagine having such a cool last name and utterly wasting it on being boring.” It was a weird fixation I know, and for what it’s worth I felt like a piece of shit for even thinking it. 

Months went by after his death and I assumed that he would’ve had someone come by to clean it out, family or the government or whoever. But no one ever did. The house just sat there. The lawn remained maintained, everything looked in order. I had no idea who was taking care of the house, but someone was. The strange thing though is that I never saw anybody there. Believe me I kept an eye out for it too. 

One day I decided enough was enough, for no particular reason I decided to break into his house. I don’t really know why I did. I suppose it just bothered me the way it sat there seemingly frozen in time. The truth is he bothered me. Despite the irrationality of it all I could not stop thinking about him. How is your name Stormhawk Umber Onyxdragons and you don’t have any sort of interesting qualities to you? I feel like if my parents had given me such a name I would either feel compelled to do something crazy like becoming a navy SEAL or something badass. I feel crazy to even acknowledge how much it bothers me. I know it’s silly. 

Anyway, breaking in was easy enough. I didn’t even have to break anything really. I simply went around the back of his house, found a window that was unlocked, I managed to open it and crawl inside. I broke in during the day when everyone was at work, and I didn’t want to use any unnecessary electricity or anything, I didn’t know if the electric company would notice and investigate or not. Upon entering his house I landed in what looked like a regular living room, I got up and began looking around. 

Much to my great disappointment, his house was as boring as he was. In fact even so much to the point that his house was unsettling in a weird way. Everything was too nice, like it was a life sized dollhouse. Everything looked like it was just a large toy version of whatever it was supposed to be. I approached the couch that I would’ve sworn was made of plastic by looking at it, but when I approached it and touched it the strangest dissonance came over me. It was the most comfortable couch I’d ever felt in my life. Somehow the disconnect was enough to jar me, but not deter me. 

I began searching his drawers and what not, but strangely enough everything was empty. No drawer or cabinet had a single thing. No dish ware, no random odds and ends that seem to pile up in drawers. All of the books were solid objects, they didn’t even open. They were just decorations. I was so confused at what this was that I didn’t even know how to feel. Creeped out? Interested? Even now I’m still not sure which.  

I thought maybe I should leave, but I also figured that I was just being paranoid. What in the world could plastic do to me? As I picked up one of the plastic books to return it to its spot the strangest thing happened. It was so subtle I didn’t even really register it at the time. I felt a sense of accomplishment, similar to when you finish reading a book. I caught myself thinking about the premise of The Old Man and The Sea. The struggle that ends in futility. But then I remembered, I’d never read that book. I shivered and shrugged it off. Probably just some lecture I had heard at school or something. 

After wandering around a bit more in this strange dollhouse, I made my way to the basement, not sure what I was expecting to find, but I had a morbid curiosity. So I descended the stairs. When I reached the bottom to my surprise I found an elaborate mirror maze. A million me’s reflected in every direction. 

As I was walking through the maze I could not shake this overwhelming feeling of being watched, but every time I tried to look to where I felt the eyes, I’d see only an infinitude of myself peering back into me. To this day I still get the chills thinking about that. However after navigating for a while by tracking the floor I managed to make it to the other side of the maze. 

What I found was odd, but at this point I wasn’t surprised. It was one of those big doors on a submarine the one with the spiny wheel? I opened it to see what was on the other side. I really wish I hadn’t. 

Inside there was a massive, an impossibly large ballroom. It looked like it was from the 1950’s. With posh design, velvet and mahogany I think, I’m not really familiar with the minutia of fancy decor, but this was that and then some. In the background a phonograph playing music. It was scratchy and skipping every so often. It was the perfect blend of post war hope and the decaying dread of a dream gone by. 

That isn’t what unsettled me most though. On the floor through the ballroom on the floor there were all of these metal tracks they were all over the place. Upon the tracks moving and zipping around were well dressed mannequins. Moving from here to there, an emulation of dancing and mingling. A frozen mobile mimic of movement. There were easily 50 of them, all of them following the tracks in different ways to different points, like a bastardized recreation of a party by someone who had never met a human. 

In the middle of the hall there was a large table. I thought to leave but upon turning around I saw from the mirror maze a legion of myself bidding me to stay where I am. I could not resist. When I looked back into the ballroom I had found that for just a brief moment all of the mannequins had stopped, and all of their heads were turned to look at me, regardless of the position of their body. But just for a moment, soon after they began zipping back and forth. 

I made my way to the banquet table and saw a card that had a name on it. It was my name. I sat down at the head of the table. There was a platter in front of me. When I lifted it off I was greeted by the ripe aroma of rotten meat and turned dairy. A large buffet of rot waiting to be eaten. I tried to get up, to recoil in disgust. But I couldn’t. I don’t know how I knew but I knew the mannequins would never forgive me if I didn’t partake. 

So I did, with one rotten bite, I began. Then another, and another still. Eat bite seemingly restoring the food, undoing the rot. As I kept eating, I noticed more and more that the mannequins were no longer just mannequins. They were coming to life. I continued to eat my delicious meal. By the time I was nearly completion I looked around to the men and women surrounding me, enjoying themselves at my party. 

Just as my plate ran out of food, a kind waiter approached me and asked politely. “Would you care for some more food? Or perhaps a glass of wine?” I replied that I would like both, and the waiter replied with a smile.

“Indeed, right away Mr. Onyxdragons.” 

And I decided to dance. 
